# Meeting Journal 
___
## Meeting #1
### Time
7/26/2025 at 6:00 PM
### Attendance
Jordan, Jaedon, Wata 
### Method
Online via discord call
### Talking Points
* Discuss branch naming conventions
* Touch base on working git (anyone having problems?)
* Discuss status on our features 
  * Jordan => inputting-recipes-json
* Determine all necessary main features for app
  * Determine sub-features for main features
* Assign features to individuals for this week
* Time for questions, concerns, or ideas
### Notes
